That voice you heard there, the nice deep fruity voice, unlike Bardi and my squeaky voice, is Nathan, better known possibly as TTTactics on Twitter. Talking Tottenham Tactics. I kind of wanted to call you 3T at one point, but then I realized it was that terrible pop band, that Michael Jackson’s nephews formed in the nineties. So we’ll stick to TTT.
We’re also joined by Talking Tottenham Tactics, also known as Nathan. Nathan, welcome back. 
We’re also joined by Nathan, also known as Talking Tottenham Tactics.
I’m here today with the recently rebranded Nathan A Clark, or, the artist known as Talking Tottenham Tactics.
Also joined by our tactics guy Nathan.
And our tactics guy Nathan Clark. Don’t know why I dropped your surname in there, just seemed to roll off the tongue, somehow. I think it’s because of your new twitter handle. It’s brand power. You’re Darren Browning me. 
And our tactics guy Nathan. Nathan A Clark, as he now calls himself.
And our tactics guy Nathan A Clark. 
With our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hi Nath.
I’m joined by our tactics guy Nathan A Clark to talk about England and the first round of group games in general. Hello, Nathan. 
I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy Nathan A Clark. 
And our stats guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hi Nathan. 
And our treacherous tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Tell the listeners why you’re a traitor, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. That’s A, for Fuckin’ A.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello Nathan. 
This time, I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
I’m joined this time, once again by my tactics guy Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And I’m joined by my tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. And another special guest straight from Nathan’s Rolodex, Jon Mackenzie. 
I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan, how are you doing?
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Or, the Clarkster, as we call him. Clarky-boots. I don’t know why I said that.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
I’m joined by our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan
And our tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and joint best friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my spiritual guide, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my favorite occasional dress-wearing man, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. I’m adding no context there either.
And our tactics guy, and my constant gardener, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and meme creator extraordinaire, Nathan A Clark, will be joining us a little bit later.
And our tactics guy, and my Stats bomb, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, and my director of football, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and occasional host, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and Mauricio Pochettino apologist, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
Hello everyone, welcome to the extra inch, I’m here with Nathan and Bardi, we have no running order, we’ve barely said two words to each other since joining the skype call.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, and Spurs superfan, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, and my night nurse, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. I say night nurse because I’m definitely coming down with something, and it’s not just because of our defeat at Old Trafford.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, and my safe seat, Nathan A Clark.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy, and my Mourinho-hating friend, Nathan A Clark.
And our tactics guy, and my wonderkid, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my January transfer window signing, opportunistically, Nathan A Clark.
And our tactics guy, and my fitness pal, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and my scout, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And there’s no Nathan, although there might be a bit later.
And our tactics guy, and perennially injured midfielder, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Nathan, what’s happening now?
And our tactics guy, and my medium block, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and my Stockley Park Mistake, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. That was a good one, wasn’t it? I was quite pleased with that. 
And our tactics guy, and my spot-kick specialist, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and sleeping beauty, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and my e-sports champion, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my isolating friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my keyboard suffering friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. You’re a different machine today, why is that Nathan?
And our tactics guy, and my boy lolly pop, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. You make my heart go giddy up, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and the secretary of state for scouting, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. I don’t know why I said that. I’ve had a glass of wine. That’s why I’ve said that.
And our tactics guy, and super Spurs streaming boy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my senior political advisor, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and our producer! We never give him credit, do we, for producing this? Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And I’m joined by our tactics guy—well, my broken tactics guy, bless his heart, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. You have a very bad back, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and Mourinho baiting friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and some bloke off the internet, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. So I’m kind of having to line up things to add to your intro now, Nathan. It’s getting more and more difficult to do it on the fly. So I’ve got a list of “my tactics guy, and…” I’m worried that I’m going to run out.
I’m joined with Nathan and Bardi, hello lads. 
And our tactics guy, and Lucas Moura enthusiast, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. How are you?
And our tactics guy, and more importantly, your tactics guy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and blonde bombshell, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and spreadsheet nonce, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. It’s pretty good, it’s pretty good. Because you tweeted a spreadsheet.
And our tactics guy, and Troy Deeney hater, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my topless, adorably topless friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. If I have to know it, they have to know it.
And our tactics guy, and the Athletic’s football analyst of the year, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. You like that one?
And our tactics guy, and intelligent cunt, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and not stupid cunt, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my dog friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and my tie dye friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Nathan, why are you my tie dye friend?
And our tactics guy, and a man who brings a fear that I love to have in the squad, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a bit of a handful, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and the king of Korea, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Is that ok? I think it’s ok. Let’s just move on, it’s fine. 
And our tactics guy, and the Patron saint of tactics, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. How are you doing boys?
And our tactics guy, and someone I’d never even dream of substituting at half time, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy who has no time to touch his balls, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man who has little by little, changed my mind, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and appapapi, appapapa, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and someone with whom I’ve been developing a special relationship over a number of years, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and someone who doesn’t believe everything he sees on TV, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man who strikes first, strikes hard, with no mercy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and someone it could be said goes down a bit too easily, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Very Latin, aren’t you Nathan? 
And our tactics guy, and a man whose risk level is very high, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my sopping wet boy, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Fully moist, straight out the shower, on to the podcast, boom. 
And our tactics guy, and someone who will always come back out for the second half, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man who yells, “Vamos!” every time he produces sizzling video analytics, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. I don’t mess about with these, they’re all fact checked.
And our tactics guy, and a man who likes to set homework for our listeners, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and a man who is to The Extra Inch what Jack Grealish is to Aston Villa, and a man who I happen to know rolls his socks down to boot. It’s Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. So when we say “Pull your socks up, Nathan,” it could be taken literally. 
And our tactics guy, and my manager, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and the Serge Aurier cheerleader, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and a man whose face is now immortalized in cotton, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. 
And our tactics guy, and a man who is well on his way to becoming the podcast’s second Italian, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man who has the sleep pattern of a Panamanian Night Monkey, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. No, I looked up list of nocturnal animals and just picked out the one that sounded the funniest. I nearly went for a western Wooly Lemur, but Panamanian Night Monkey has a nice ring to it, I think. 
And our tactics guy, and a man who I’m pleased to say is clothed, at least from the waist up, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man who’s up and down your chimney with alarming regularity, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan. Merry Christmas, boys. 
And our tactics guy, and the sultan of spreadsheets, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and everyone’s favorite Marxist podcaster, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and my beautifully shaven friend, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man whose multiple guitars are gently weeping, it’s Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man fresh off the back of a massive shout out on the Athletic’s podcast, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and a man who fucking hates the Athletic with a burning passion, it’s Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.
And our tactics guy, and the unfortunate picker of pick 3, pot A, Nathan A Clark. Hello, Nathan.

